README.md, before:

# LVP Continuous Integration Server
In an effort to make contributing to Las Venturas Playground easier, a continuous build server is
available that validates all incoming pull requests.

The server has been written using [Node.js](https://nodejs.org), and is designed to be modular and
easy to understand, maintain and update.

## Installation
In order to install the continuous integration server, clone the repository in the same directory
that also has checkouts of the [playground](https://github.com/LVPlayground/playground) and
[playgroundjs-plugin](https://github.com/LVPlayground/playgroundjs-plugin) repositories:

```
$ mkdir playground && cd playground
$ git clone https://github.com/LVPlayground/playground.git
$ git clone https://github.com/LVPlayground/playgroundjs-plugin.git
$ git clone https://github.com/LVPlayground/ci-server.git
```

These repositories contain the necessary Linux binaries for the basic checks to be executable.

**TODO**: This doesn't give us the Pawn compiler, necessary to verify that lvp.ppr builds.

Finally, copy [config-example.json](config-example.json) to _config.json_ and change the settings
to your likings. We recommend choosing a secure secret of at least 16 characters in length.

## Running the continuous integration server
The server has been designed to work with [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) 5.5 and beyond. Run the
server using the following command:

```
$ nodejs index.js
```

In practice, you'll want to run the process in the background, using an isolated user account.

## Setting up the server with GitHub
Navigate to your GitHub project's settings and create a new Webhook with the following settings:

- **Payload URL**: http://your.server:1234/push
- **Content Type**: application/json
- **Secret**: The secret value in your configuration file.
- **Events**: Only the _pull_request_ event.
- **Active**: Yes.

The Webhook console will give you diagnostical output of the CI server. Please file any issues
on this repository and we'll look into them.

## Request handlers
The continuous integration server respects the following handlers:

- **/build/_SHA_**: Build logs for the build with the given _SHA_.
- **/build**: Overview of the last ten build attempts.
- **/push**: Execution point for requests coming from GitHub.
- **/robots.txt**: Textual output to prevent indexing.

Commit message:

Minor documentation and logging updates

README.md, after:

# LVP Continuous Integration Server
In an effort to make contributing to Las Venturas Playground easier, a continuous build server is
available that validates all incoming pull requests.

The server has been written using [Node.js](https://nodejs.org), and is designed to be modular and
easy to understand, maintain and update.

## Installation
In order to install the continuous integration server, clone the repository in the same directory
that also has checkouts of the [playground](https://github.com/LVPlayground/playground) and
[playgroundjs-plugin](https://github.com/LVPlayground/playgroundjs-plugin) repositories:

```
$ mkdir playground && cd playground
$ git clone https://github.com/LVPlayground/playground.git
$ git clone https://github.com/LVPlayground/playgroundjs-plugin.git
$ git clone https://github.com/LVPlayground/ci-server.git
```

These repositories contain the necessary Linux binaries for the basic checks to be executable.

**TODO**: This doesn't give us the Pawn compiler, necessary to verify that lvp.ppr builds.

Finally, copy [config-example.json](config-example.json) to _config.json_ and change the settings
to your likings. We recommend choosing a secure secret of at least 16 characters in length.

## Running the continuous integration server
The server has been designed to work with [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) 5.5 and beyond. Run the
server using the following command:

```
$ nodejs index.js
```

In practice, you'll want to run the process in the background, using an isolated user account.

## Setting up the server with GitHub
Navigate to your GitHub project's settings and create a new Webhook with the following settings:

- **Payload URL**: http://your.server:1234/push
- **Content Type**: application/json
- **Secret**: The secret value in your configuration file.
- **Events**: Only the _pull_request_ event.
- **Active**: Yes.

The Webhook console will give you diagnostical output of the CI server. Please file any issues
on this repository and we'll look into them.

Additionally, you'll need an account for posting the updates to GitHub that has `repo:status` access
to the repositories the continuous integration will be activated for. The OAuth token, which can
be generated in GitHub's settings area, has to be written to the config file.

## Request handlers
The continuous integration server respects the following handlers:

- **/build/_SHA_**: Build logs for the build with the given _SHA_.
- **/build**: Overview of the last ten build attempts.
- **/push**: Execution point for requests coming from GitHub.
- **/robots.txt**: Textual output to prevent indexing.
